the economy has a very big problem on
its hands and I'm going to explain why
today you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you what we are
looking at here is a dire scenario I'm
just going to break it down for you I
don't want to be the bear bad news but
here it is when we look at the
trajectory of the United States let's be
honest other countries are in the same
scenario um it's really bad okay I don't
know how else to say it but I'm going to
actually show you mathematically why
it's impossible to get out of this
circumstance it's so bad right now that
there has never we have never seen a
time like this before okay because the
bubble has grown so big that at the same
time when they're saying this is you
know we have the global systemically
important Banks we are too big to fail
all of that it's too big to bail not too
big to fail I'm going to explain why
here today starting with this I've shown
this before and I want to make it clear
he going to start this video off with
this us interest payment scenarios so
it's over a trillion and by the end of
the year depending on the scenario we
could be seeing potentially $1.6
trillion in interest payments interest
payments and what's interesting about
interest is that it gets paid regardless
it gets paid regardless of whether you
can afford it or
not Janet Yellen my favorite she's going
to make sure that the interest payments
get paid before your roads before your
Bridges before your social security or
whatever social assistance programs you
need your community needs money no no no
the the debt is number one that
fictional debt that should never even
exists there's no reason for it to exist
but the way that the money system is
created you have this being a burden on
you more than anything and of course
they cannot pay off the debt it's not
it's not possible that it it is
literally impossible it is
mathematically impossible and we are
going into look look at that it's going
from bad to worse do you see it's just
going straight up it's a Cy stick it's
going straight up in here and that of
course you know you you think the
situation is bad today you think so but
you got to look further out I I showed
you the report if you watch that
video of the
RCMP think of that like the
FBI of Canada okay think of it like that
they produced a report that was Secret
that was only meant for internal use but
through the equivalent of a Freedom of
Information Act request they got that
the vast majority of it is redacted the
information that was in there said 5
years we are going to see turmoil and
civil
unrest people because everything's too
expensive that's exactly what I've been
saying for years that still that's still
in my head every day thinking about that
and I wonder what was under all of those
reductions I have a feeling it's based
on the response the rcmp's response to
people being pissed off about what's
going on Gross issuance of us treasuries
do you see what's going on here okay
other than obviously 2020 crazy time but
the trend is very clear that the
government is going into more debt and
as they do that you got to pay that off
like you if you want to spend money
let's put it this way if the government
wants to spend money it has to basically
spin up
this you know uh US debt put a little
bow on it put a little into a package
put a little bow on it and sell it off
to an investor and that's okay like they
can just continuously and perpetually do
this that's why the US dollar is what it
is everyone loves US Dollars uh there's
just one problem though there there is a
ceiling on that so if they wanted to
tomorrow to issue you know 100
quadrillion well there wouldn't be
enough of a market like to absorb it
who's going to do that long term the
Federal Reserve has to and so they will
monetize the debt and other we've seen
this happen before it's not it won't be
the first time that that has happened
but as soon as you do that it's like a
snake eating its own tail and you will
be in an environment where imagine like
the walls are closing in on you that's
what it will be like it will be as if
you're getting crushed by a massive like
a garbage compactor and you're just
getting crushed in there that's what
this is higher yields rapidly increasing
Us's interest expense no doubt about it
so you've got the dollar value value
there where it is today but if they're
going to leave interest rates higher oh
my goodness if they're going to leave
them at these levels it is going to
punish every Everybody holding on to
debt okay it's not just um the the
government itself but that obviously is
a
problem this is just showing us money
market
funds suddenly this like there's like
this rush for the exit money market
Market funds the worst we've seen since
the Leman catastrophe in
2008 and so we're going to see where
this brings us I'm not so
sure
um but it's interesting I'm putting a
question mark on this one uh but we'll
see over time uh maybe in the next week
if any big changes where that flood of
money has gone the EPF R brings us you
know some information on that and
hopefully I can bring that to you um
Finance
Friday but so by the time this video is
public I will I've already covered this
with the finance Friday crew um so I'm
excited to get into this for over two
hours we'll be talking about all of this
total fed reserves continue to fall
looking at this domestic you're looking
at the RRP which is basically reverse
repos and then then we can also look at
the reserves when you combine those
together it's declining down and you
know what they're saying anyway $
trillion is that sort of Tipping Point
where they can't get
below and there's an issue there because
at the same time they've been pulling
liquidity you got to have this liquidity
it's got to come from somewhere it's got
to come from somewhere reverse repos
okay they're they're trying what they're
trying there
this
is nonsense anyway the rever the repos
and the reverse repos you you use that
with the broken system and the reserves
okay so this is basically commercial
Banks keeping their excess reserves at
the Federal Reserve that's what that is
okay commercial Banks keep excess
reserves at the FED they park it there
earn a little bit on that and reserves
happen to be very correlated highly
correlated with the stock market if
those do decline well then uh stock
market can go down as well and I'll show
you that in just a second I have that
chart prepared you're looking at the
total assets of the FED continuing to
decline as well and so you got to
realize what's happening here they're
pulling liquidity from the system and of
course that's going to be an issue for
the stock market yes but um the broader
economy as well reserves still higher
than when QT began think about that so
the reserves are higher they're trying
to drain liquidity from the system but
the reserves they're being parked
they're you know basically the banks
instead of loaning that out to people
instead of investing it or doing
whatever they're just parking it at the
FED all right so they idea of trying to
you know tighten Financial conditions
has not worked the Federal Reserves idea
there hasn't work if we believe what
they say all right then we have this
important
this is showing us the
reserves and the stock market and when
they get out of line they usually find
themselves coming back together and we
did see that in late 2023 where um by
the way you might not see it necessarily
touching the line it's not doesn't work
like that exactly um but it you know you
can sort of shift this based on how long
you pull it out for and everything else
but the point is when there's too much
of a Divergence it usually will converge
and and it won't happen like you're not
going to see it coming it just happens
and I believe that it's um it's usually
when people think that it will never
happen that it does
happen so you can see that okay the
green line just being the stock market
obviously and the red is the as it says
here us Reserve balances with Federal
Reserve Bank
and so that's an issue I'm just looking
at this overall when we see what's
happening with the financial system
liquidity they're trying to drain it
it's not working people are pouring more
and more and more money in it's
basically a powder keg um and that
doesn't end well it really doesn't end
well we also have the factor that there
is an election yes that's important um
but at this time we have an issue with
inflation and so so inflation is sticky
around this range they want that to come
down they need to leave interest rates
at these levels some have talked about
increasing I'm not so sure about that
but it wasn't coming down to the level
that they were so confident about and
now they're saying well we just need
more confidence in the data and so
they're going to wait and that puts more
pressure on the national debt you got to
understand that as that increases your
your services will be cut they will take
from you to pay that debt do you
understand what I'm saying here like
people are thinking well whatever it's
good it's no they're they're going to
take from you the higher these interest
rates go the more interest they have to
pay the less for you this is a I don't
agree with the system this is a criminal
system the way that it's designed is to
rob from you and we keep saying you know
what we should do we should tax to Rich
more we that that doesn't have any
impact at all the system is purely
designed as a fraud born the the money
the value is born out of debt out of
nothing you can't fix this with taxes it
doesn't that doesn't do anything it
means that you're going to pay more
you're going to get less you have to get
wise to the situation I hope that you'll
see my playlists on YouTube I've got all
kinds how to in Solutions I've got the
ecourses in there um all kinds of stuff
okay just to try and you know Enlighten
people as best I can within this Frame
if you want much more detail well then
you got to get on um my live sessions
the link is at the top of the
description before you go did you hit
the Thumbs Up Button
yet wait did I can't hear you I
can't for some reason I can't hear you
okay anyway if you if you can I no I
didn't get that okay just hit that
Thumbs Up Button I'll see you tomorrow
take care